README.md, before:

# Cubeb
## PyGame group project made for Computer Science II (Python) @ Howard University [CSCI 136-02 Fall 2021, Group #14]

Hello! This is Cubeb, soon being the repository for a 2D platformer game made using the PyGame library.

[Project proposal: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RulH314LERlbpVUxJNrRWT88P7ziuJKV94BrBrSf9gk/edit?usp=sharing ]

TO-DO before 6 AM:

Assets
    - Music ✔
	- Sound effects ✔
	- Visual effects 
	- Sprites
		- Replace grenade with bomb
        - Replace soldiers with ninjas

Stage select and options on main menu	
	- Options menu
		- Make graphic (or open text file) showing all possible button/key inputs
		- Change resolution/fullscreen

Controller and alternate keybinding support (allow multiple input methods to do the same actions in-game)

Upon death (or by pausing by pressing Esc/Start), give option to restart, stage select, or exit game

Stretchable screen and fullscreen with Alt + Enter

Tutorial level
	- Design it similar to Boshy/Celeste's first level. 
	- Gradually show the player the mechanics as the level goes, without need for signs or prompts.

Run button with Shift/RT, give small increase to vertical velocity if running and jumping at the same time

Double jump with half of the first jump's verticality

Weapon upgrades
	- The more enemies you kill, adds to UI
	- Each level increases damage output and rate of fire
	- Possibly increase explosion radius

New tiles
	- Double jump refiller: lets the player jump again once collected.
	- Coin : Collectable, adds to UI
	- Spring/bouncepad: boosts the player vertically.
	- Spike tile: kills the player

Commit message:

Took me forever to learn Aesprite on the fly. Replaced the soldiers with ninjas.

README.md, after:

# Cubeb
## PyGame group project made for Computer Science II (Python) @ Howard University [CSCI 136-02 Fall 2021, Group #14]

Hello! This is Cubeb, soon being the repository for a 2D platformer game made using the PyGame library.

[Project proposal: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RulH314LERlbpVUxJNrRWT88P7ziuJKV94BrBrSf9gk/edit?usp=sharing ]

TO-DO before 6 AM:

Assets
    - Music ✔
	- Sound effects ✔
	- Sprites
        - Replace bullet with kunai ✔
        - Replace player soldier with ninja girl ✔
		- Replace enemy soldier with ninja guy ✔
        - Replace grenade with bomb
        - Replace background and add parallax to the new one
        

Stage select and options on main menu	
	- Options menu
		- Make graphic (or open text file) showing all possible button/key inputs
		- Change resolution/fullscreen

Controller and alternate keybinding support (allow multiple input methods to do the same actions in-game)

Upon death (or by pausing by pressing Esc/Start), give option to restart, stage select, or exit game

Stretchable screen and fullscreen with Alt + Enter

Tutorial level
	- Design it similar to Boshy/Celeste's first level. 
	- Gradually show the player the mechanics as the level goes, without need for signs or prompts.

Run button with Shift/RT, give small increase to vertical velocity if running and jumping at the same time

Double jump with half of the first jump's verticality

Weapon upgrades
	- The more enemies you kill, adds to UI
	- Each level increases damage output and rate of fire
	- Possibly increase explosion radius

New tiles
	- Double jump refiller: lets the player jump again once collected.
	- Coin : Collectable, adds to UI
	- Spring/bouncepad: boosts the player vertically.
	- Spike tile: kills the player
